README.md, before:

Android Codelab
-------------------
This folder contains the source code for the Android testing codelab. It gives an introduction into:

1. Firebase
2. Databases
3. UI/UX


## Requirements
* JDK Version 1.7 & above
* [Android SDK.](http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html)
* Android SDK Tools
* Android SDK Build tools 24.0.3
* Android Support Repository
* Android Support library


## Project Setup

This project is built with Gradle, the [Android Gradle plugin](http://tools.android.com/tech-docs/new-build-system/user-guide) Clone this repository inside your working folder. Import the `settings.gradle` file in the root folder into e.g. Android Studio. (You can also have a look at the `build.gradle` files on how the projects depend on another.)

* Clone the project.
* Start Android Studio.
* Select "Open Project" and select the generated root Project folder
* You may be prompted with "Unlinked gradle project" -> Select "Import gradle project" and select 
the option to use the gradle wrapper
* You may also be prompted to change to the appropriate SDK folder for your local machine
* Once the project has compiled -> run the project!


License
-------

    Copyright 2016 Thomas Kioko

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Add prokect links to different branches

README.md, after:

Android Codelab
-------------------
This folder contains the source code for the Android testing codelab. It gives an introduction into:

1. Firebase
2. Retrofit Integration Tests


## Branches
The following project contains two branches each demonstrating different functionalities.

1. [FireBase:](https://github.com/kioko/jkuat-code-lab/tree/feature/feature-firebase-setup) Demonstrates how to use Firebase for Authentication.
2. [Retrofit:](https://github.com/kioko/jkuat-code-lab/tree/feature/feature-api-integration) Demonstrates how to write Integration tests for API enpoints.


## Requirements
* JDK Version 1.7 & above
* [Android SDK.](http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html)
* Android SDK Tools
* Android SDK Build tools 24.0.3
* Android Support Repository
* Android Support library


## Project Setup

This project is built with Gradle, the [Android Gradle plugin](http://tools.android.com/tech-docs/new-build-system/user-guide) Clone this repository inside your working folder. Import the `settings.gradle` file in the root folder into e.g. Android Studio. (You can also have a look at the `build.gradle` files on how the projects depend on another.)

* Clone the project.
* Start Android Studio.
* Select "Open Project" and select the generated root Project folder
* You may be prompted with "Unlinked gradle project" -> Select "Import gradle project" and select 
the option to use the gradle wrapper
* You may also be prompted to change to the appropriate SDK folder for your local machine
* Once the project has compiled -> run the project!


License
-------

    Copyright 2016 Thomas Kioko

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
